docs/unified-test-documentation/dasharo-stability/capsule-update.md: add (#915)
Dasharo/docs: docs/unified-test-documentation/dasharo-stability/capsule-update.md

**Test steps**

1. Power on the DUT.
1. Enter the Setup Menu.
1. Navigate to Boot Maintenance Manager.
1. Change the Auto Boot Time-out value to an arbitrary custom one, such as
   32123
1. Save the settings and reboot the system.

**Expected result**

1. The custom Auto Boot Time-out value should remain set after the reboot.

---

## CUP150.001 Capsule Update

**Test description**

This test verifies a successful capsule update and ensures the correct user
experience (UX) during the update.

Each step in this test case should be executed in accordance with the
instructions given in our
[Capsule Update documentation](../../guides/capsule-update.md).

**Test configuration data**

1. `FIRMWARE` = Dasharo
1. Custom logo firmware image

**Test setup**

1. Ensure the DUT is connected and the UEFI shell is available.
1. Proceed with the common test setup steps as described in the
   [Test cases common documentation](#test-cases-common-documentation) section.

**Test steps**

1. Obtain and save the BIOS version as `${original_bios_version}`.
1. Perform a capsule update using a valid capsule.
1. Verify that the update screen looks as expected.

> 1. Reboot the system and select the UEFI Shell boot option.
> 1. After the system boots, verify the BIOS version and save it as

Reviewer: This happens automatically as part of the update, and this is done by firmware and not operating system, so:

```suggestion
1. After the platform reboots, select the UEFI Shell boot option.
1. Verify the BIOS version and save it as
```

Author: [Resolved](https://github.com/Dasharo/docs/pull/915/commits/ab710300656f097092f77f396565534fc09639a4)

Reviewer: Almost, `verify` -> `Verify`.

Reviewer: Fixed in https://github.com/Dasharo/docs/compare/ab710300656f097092f77f396565534fc09639a4..5eb4891dff7a1984e86cf5049fd1d00d5c9aa0a7

   `${updated_bios_version}`.
1. Check that the BIOS version has not changed by verifying that
   `${original_bios_version}` is equal to `${updated_bios_version}`.
1. Verify that the status contains a `Not Ready` indication.

**Expected result**

1. The BIOS version should not change after attempting the capsule update.
1. The status should contain a note indicating that the update was rejected due
   to the invalid GUID.

---

## CUP130.001 Verifying BIOS Settings Persistence After Update - PART 1

**Test description**

This test aims to verify that BIOS settings persist after a Capsule Update.

Each step in this test case should be executed in accordance with the
instructions given in our
[Capsule Update documentation](../../guides/capsule-update.md).

**Test configuration data**

1. `FIRMWARE` = Dasharo

**Test setup**

1. Ensure the DUT is connected and the UEFI shell is available.
1. Proceed with the common test setup steps as described in the
   [Test cases common documentation](#test-cases-common-documentation) section.

**Test steps**

1. Power on the DUT.
1. Enter the Setup Menu.
1. Navigate to the "Dasharo System Features" menu.
1. Enter the "Networking Options" submenu.

> 1. Enable the "Network Boot" option.

Reviewer: We no longer do this to handle platforms with network boot not available. Now we change the `Auto Boot Time-out` value, as it is always present.

Reviewer: Interestingly, `CUP160.001` already uses the correct setting, so probably an overlook rather than wrong base.

1. Save the settings and reboot the system.
1. Boot into UEFI Shell.

> 1. Perform a capsule update using a valid capsule.

Reviewer: This isn't part of this "test". This is only a preparatory step before next test case, to have a value to compare against after the update. Please remove those points.

**Expected result**

> 1. The network boot option should remain enabled after the system reboots and
>    the capsule update is applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The network boot option should remain enabled after the system reboots.
```

Author: [Fixed](https://github.com/Dasharo/docs/pull/915/commits/783c0007342cec066221ae6590bfe06b09093d1d#diff-456ee18f0976550a3a13e39f4a9929811fafb9228ce6839fb3a077bf05741000R131)

---

## CUP150.001 Capsule Update

**Test description**

This test verifies a successful capsule update and ensures the correct user
experience (UX) during the update.

Each step in this test case should be executed in accordance with the
instructions given in our
[Capsule Update documentation](../../guides/capsule-update.md).

**Test configuration data**

1. `FIRMWARE` = Dasharo
1. Custom logo firmware image

**Test setup**

1. Ensure the DUT is connected and the UEFI shell is available.
1. Proceed with the common test setup steps as described in the
   [Test cases common documentation](#test-cases-common-documentation) section.

**Test steps**

1. Obtain and save the BIOS version as `${original_bios_version}`.

> 1. Perform a capsule update using a valid capsule.

Reviewer: What about verification of displayed progress bar? This is now a part of this test so it should be mentioned here and in expected results.

Author: [Added](https://github.com/Dasharo/docs/pull/915/commits/783c0007342cec066221ae6590bfe06b09093d1d#diff-456ee18f0976550a3a13e39f4a9929811fafb9228ce6839fb3a077bf05741000R161)

instructions given in our
[Capsule Update documentation](../../guides/capsule-update.md).

**Test configuration data**

1. `FIRMWARE` = Dasharo

**Test setup**

1. Ensure the DUT is connected and the UEFI shell is available.
1. Proceed with the common test setup steps as described in the
   [Test cases common documentation](#test-cases-common-documentation) section.

**Test steps**

1. Power on the DUT.
1. Enter the Setup Menu.
1. Navigate to the "Boot Maintenance Manager" menu.
1. Check the value of the "Auto Boot Time-out" option.

**Expected result**

1. The "Auto Boot Time-out" option should retain the previously set value.

---

## CUP170.001 Verifying UUID (Ubuntu)

**Test description**

This test checks if the UUID persists after a capsule update.

Each step in this test case should be executed in accordance with the
instructions given in our
[Capsule Update documentation](../../guides/capsule-update.md).

**Test configuration data**

1. `FIRMWARE` = Dasharo
1. `OPERATING_SYSTEM` = Ubuntu

**Test setup**

1. Proceed with the [Test cases common documentation](#test-cases-common-documentation)
   section.

**Test steps**

1. Log in to Ubuntu.
1. Check the current UUID.

> 1. Perform the capsule update using a valid capsule.

Reviewer: Here and in the next two test cases: we don't perform an update in these tests. It assumes that `CUP150.001` is run before that, and only that case performs the update (to save both time and flash life expectancy). Also, the current (original would be a better word, as at this point it doesn't have to be current anymore) UUID, serial number and hash of logo are obtained in suite setup. Here we just log into Ubuntu, get new value and compare it against the old one saved earlier.
